(a) How many commits exist in the repository history after completing step 8 (Including commits made
	by the original author)?
	
	A total of 7 commits were made across all authors.

(b) When was the file .gitignore added?

	Tue Jan 24 22:28:11 2017 -0600
	
(c) What is the difference between git log and git status?

	git log, according to its manual page:
	Shows the commit logs.
		The command takes options applicable to the git rev-list command to control what is shown
		and how, and options applicable to the git diff-* commands to control how the changes each
		commit introduces are shown.

	git status, according to its manual page:
	Displays paths that have differences between the index file and the current HEAD commit, paths
	that have differences between the working tree and the index file, and paths in the working tree
	that are not tracked by Git (and are not ignored by gitignore(5)). The first are what you would
	commit by running git commit; the second and third are what you could commit by running git add
	before running git commit.

(d) What is the difference between unstaged and untracked files?

	An unstaged file will not be included in a commit, but the file has been indexed by git and is
	therefore being tracked (i.e. being watched for changes). An untracked file has not been indexed
	by git, and therefore its changes will not be tracked.

(e) What is the difference between git checkout and git reset?

	git checkout will move HEAD to a different branch and update the working directory to match the
	called branch. git reset will move the tip of a branch to a different commit, leaving any
	commits after the called branch dangling. Dangling commits are subject to garbage collection.
	
(f) What happens if you try to pull remote changes when there are uncommitted changes in your
	working directory?

	Git will not allow you to pull remote changes when there are uncommitted changes in your working
	directory. The changes must be committed or stashed before the pull will execute.
